my name's EEP and this is my family the
Croods Oh been in a caper ever three
days is not forever here's with this
family mom ready to leave mom still
alive it's still early we never had the
chance to explore the outside world
because of my dad's one rule new is
always bad never not be afraid but what
we didn't know was that our world was
about to change get to the cave
you really need to see this
we should go there No
where are we I'm not sure man
I'll take care of this I'm loving this
I'm guy this is belt we need to leave
immediately the world is ending
what everything we're standing on right
here will be gone I'm calling it the end
ok guy now what I can help you come with
me it's too far I'll never live long
enough to get there let's do it
just think her whole family packed
together on a long trip across country
we got to move faster
I call them shoes
beautiful
DreamWorks D'Cruz oh yeah fire it's
biting me should I hire you from it in
the tall dry grass